1. Reporter: "Excuse me, may I interview you?" Man: "Yes!" Reporter: "Name?" Man: "Abdul Al-Rhazim." Reporter: "Sex?" Man: "Three to five times a week." Reporter: "No no! I mean male or female?" Man: "Yes, male, female... sometimes camel." Reporter: "Holy cow!" Man: "Yes, cow, sheep... animals in general." Reporter: "But isn't that hostile?" Man: "Yes, horse style, dog style, any style." Reporter: "Oh dear!"  Man: "No, no deer. Deer run too fast. Hard to catch."
2. What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?It gets toad away.
3. Q: What did the duck say when he bought lipstick?A: "Put it on my bill."
4. A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount.  If I can, I will send you a telegram."  She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
5. A boy is selling fish on a corner. To get his customers' attention, he is yelling, "Dam fish for sale! Get your dam fish here!" A pastor hears this and asks, "Why are you calling them 'dam fish.'" The boy responds, "Because I caught these fish at the local dam." The pastor buys a couple fish, takes them home to his wife, and asks her to cook the dam fish. The wife responds surprised, "I didn't know it was acceptable for a preacher to speak that way." He explains to her why they are dam fish. Later at the dinner table, he asks his son to pass the dam fish. He responds, "That's the spirit, Dad! Now pass the f*cking potatoes!"
6. Q: Why did the witches' team lose the baseball game? A: Their bats flew away.
7. Q: Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? A: Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
8. Q: Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek? A: Because he was always spotted.
9. Q. What did the elephant say to the naked man? A. "How do you breathe through something so small?"
10. Q: How do you count cows? A: With a cowculator.
11. Yo mama so stupid, she tried to save a fish from drowning.
12. Late one night a burglar broke into a house and while he was sneaking around he heard a voice say, "Jesús is watching you." He looked around and saw nothing. He kept on creeping and again heard, "Jesús is watching you." In a dark corner, he saw a cage with a parrot inside. The burglar asked the parrot, "Was it you who said Jesús is watching me" The parrot replied, "Yes." Relieved, the burglar asked, "What is your name?" The parrot said, "Clarence." The burglar said, "That's a stupid name for a parrot. What idiot named you Clarence?" The parrot answered, "The same idiot that named the rottweiler Jesús."
13. Why are frogs always so happy?                                     They eat what ever bugs them
14. Two guys are walking through a game park & they come across a lion that has not eaten for days. The lion starts chasing the two men. They run as fast as they can and the one guy starts getting tired and decides to say a prayer, "Please turn this lion into a Christian, Lord." He looks to see if the lion is still chasing and he sees the lion on its knees. Happy to see his prayer answered, he turns around and heads towards the lion. As he comes closer to the lion, he hears the it saying a prayer: "Thank you Lord for the food I am about to receive."
15. There was a papa mole, a momma mole, and a baby mole. They lived in a hole out in the country near a farmhouse. Papa mole poked his head out of the hole and said, "Mmmm, I smell sausage!" Momma mole poked her head outside the hole and said, "Mmmm, I smell pancakes!" Baby mole tried to stick his head outside but couldn't because of the two bigger moles. Baby mole said, "The only thing I smell is molasses."
16. Q: What do you call a pig that does karate? A: A pork chop.
17. How did the blonde try to kill the bird?? She threw it off a cliff.
18. Q: Why did the fish blush? A: Because it saw the ocean's bottom.
19. Q: What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? A: You can tune a guitar, but you can't tuna fish.
20. Yo mama so fat the bears have to hide their food from her when she goes camping.
21. Two bats are hanging upside down on a branch. One asks the other, "Do you recall your worst day last year?" The other responds, "Yes, the day I had diarrhea!"
22. THREE TREES AND A WOODPECKERTwo tall trees, a birch and a beech, are growing in the woods. A small tree begins to grow between them, and the beech says to the birch, "Is that a son of a beech or a son of a birch?" The birch says he cannot tell, but just then a woodpecker lands on the sapling. The birch says, "Woodpecker, you are a tree expert. Can you tell if that is a son of a beech or a son of a birch?" The woodpecker takes a taste of the small tree and replies, "It is neither a son of a beech nor a son of a birch, It is, however, the best piece of ash I have ever poked my pecker into." Now wipe that smile off your face.
23. There are five cows on a farm, one mamma cow and four baby calves. The first baby walks up to the mom and asks, "Momma, why is my name Rose?" The mommy cow replies, "Well honey, a rose petal fell on your head when you were born." The next calf comes up and asks, "Momma, why is my name Lily?" The mother replies, "Because honey, a lily petal fell on your head when you were born." The third baby comes up and asks, "Momma, why is my name Daisy?" The momma cow again replieds" Well, when you were born a daisy petal fell on your head." The final baby walks over and says, "Duh huh guh nuh!" The momma cow says, "Shut up, Cinderblock."
24. You are on a horse, galloping at a constant speed. On your right side is a sharp drop off, and on your left side is an elephant traveling at the same speed as you. Directly in front of you is another galloping horse but your horse is unable to overtake it. Behind you is a lion running at the same speed as you and the horse in front of you. What must you do to safely get out of this highly dangerous situation? Get your drunk ass off the merry-go-round!
25. The energizer bunny was arrested on a charge of battery.
26. Q: What type of sandals do frogs wear? A: Open-toad!
27. Q: Why do the French eat snails?A: They don't like fast food.
28. Teacher: "Name a bird with wings but can't fly." Student: "A dead bird, sir."
29. A boy with a monkey on his shoulder was walking down the road when he passed a policeman who said, "Now, now young lad, I think you had better take that monkey the zoo." The next day, the boy was walking down the road with the monkey on his shoulder again, when he passed the same policeman. The policeman said, "Hey there, I thought I told you to take that money to the zoo!" The boy answered, "I did! Today I'm taking him to the cinema."
30. A priest, a minister, and a rabbi want to see who’s best at his job. So they each go into the woods, find a bear, and attempt to convert it. Later they get together. The priest begins: “When I found the bear, I read to him from the Catechism and sprinkled him with holy water. Next week is his first communion.” “I found a bear by the stream,” says the minister, “and preached God’s holy word. The bear was so mesmerized that he let me baptize him.” They both look down at the rabbi, who is lying on a gurney in a body cast. “Looking back,” he says, “maybe I shouldn't have started with the circumcision.”
31. Q: What do cats eat for breakfast? A: Mice Krispies.
32. Q: What do you get when you cross a fish and an elephant? A: Swimming trunks.
33. Teacher: "I asked you to draw a cow and grass, but I only see a cow. Where is grass?" Student: "The cow ate the grass, sir."
34. A man walks out on his front porch one day and sees a gorilla in the tree on his front lawn. He calls animal control and about an hour later a man shows up with a ladder, a pit bull, and a shotgun. The animal control employee tells the man, "I'm here to get the gorilla out of your tree. I'm going to use this ladder to climb up the tree and shake the branch the gorilla is on to knock him to the ground. The pit bull is trained to go after anything that falls from the tree and bites their balls which calms the animal down so I can put him in the truck." The man says "Okay, I see what the ladder and the pit bull are for but what is the shotgun for?" The animal control employee says, "Oh, that's for you. In case I fall out of the tree instead of the gorilla."
35. Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide!!
36. An elephant and a camel are talking. The elephant asks, "Why do you have boobs on your back?" The camel replies, "Ha! That's a funny question coming from an animal with a penis hanging from his face."
37. Q: How do you get 500 old cows in a barn? A: Put up a Bingo sign.
38. A man was driving and saw a truck stalled on the side of the highway that had ten penguins standing next to it. The man pulled over and asked the truck driver if he needed any help. The truck driver replied, "If you can take these penguins to the zoo while I wait for AAA that will be great!" The man agreed and the penguins hopped into the back of his car. Two hours later, the trucker was back on the road again and decided to check on the penguins. He showed up at the zoo and they weren't there! He headed back into his truck and started driving around the town, looking for any sign of the penguins, the man, or his car. While driving past a movie theater, the truck driver spotted the guy walking out with the ten penguins. The truck driver yelled, "What are you doing? You were supposed to take them to the zoo!" The man replied, "I did and then I had some extra money so I took them to go see a movie."
39. Q: How come oysters never donate to charity? A: Because they are shellfish.
40. A panda walks into a bar, sits down, and orders a sandwich. He eats, pulls out a gun, and shoots the waiter dead. As the panda stands up to go, the bartender shouts, "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for the food!" The panda yells back, "Hey man, I'm a panda. Look it up!" The bartender opens his dictionary to panda, "A tree climbing mammal of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white coloring. Eats, shoots, and leaves."
41. Q: What's the difference between a cat and a complex sentence? A: A cat has claws at the end of its paws and a complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
42. A wealthy old lady decides to go on a photo safari in Africa, taking her poodle along for company. One day the poodle starts chasing butterflies and before long, discovers that he's lost. Wandering about, he notices a hungry-looking leopard heading rapidly in his direction. The poodle thinks, "Uh, oh!" Noticing some bones on the ground close by, he immediately settles down to chew on the bones with his back to the approaching cat. Just as the leopard is about to leap, the poodle exclaims loudly, "Boy, that was one delicious leopard! I wonder if there are any more around here?" Hearing this, the leopard halts his attack in mid-strike, a look of terror comes over him and he slinks away into the trees. "Whew!" says the leopard. "That was close! That poodle nearly had me!" Meanwhile, a monkey who had been watching the whole scene from a nearby tree, figures he can put this knowledge to good use and trade it for protection from the leopard. So off he goes, but the poodle sees him heading after the leopard with great speed, and figures that something must be up. The monkey soon catches up with the leopard, spills the beans and strikes a deal for himself with the leopard. The leopard is furious at being made a fool of and says, "Here, monkey, hop on my back so you can watch me chew that poodle to bits!" Now, the poodle sees the leopard coming with the monkey on his back and thinks, "What am I going to do now?" but instead of running, the dog sits down with his back to his attackers, pretending he hasn't seen them yet, and waits until they get just close enough to hear. "Where's that damn monkey?" the poodle says. "I sent him off an hour ago to bring me another leopard!"
43. A farmer buys a young rooster. As soon as he brings the bird to the farm, it rushes & fucks all 150 hens. The farmer is impressed thinking about all the eggs the hens would hatch. At lunch, the rooster again screws all 150 hens. The farmer gets a bit worried now. The next day, he finds the rooster fucking the ducks, geese, & a parrot too which is now scaring him. Later that day, he finds the rooster lying pale, half-dead with vultures circling over its head. The farmer says,  "You horny bastard, you deserve this." The rooster opens one eye, points up, & whispers, "Shh! Don't shout, let them land!"
44. Q: What do you call a rabbit that has fleas? A: Bugs bunny.
45. Q: Why is the barn so noisy? A: Because the cows have horns.
46. Q: What kind of key opens a banana? A: A monkey.
47. It’s a sunny morning in the Big Forest and the Bear family is just waking up. Baby Bear goes downstairs and sits in his small chair at the table. He looks into his small bowl. It is empty! "Who's been eating my porridge?" he squeaks. Father Bear arrives at the table and sits in his big chair. He looks into his big bowl. It is also empty! "Who's been eating my porridge?" he roars.  Mother Bear sticks her head out the kitchen door and yells, "For Pete's sake, how many times do we have to go through this? It was Mother Bear who go up first. It was Mother Bear who woke everybody else in the house up. It was Mother Bear who unloaded the dishwasher from last night and put everything away. It was Mother Bear who went out into the cold early morning air to fetch the newspaper. It was Mother Bear who set the table. It was Mother Bear who put the cat out, cleaned the litter box and filled the cat's water and food dish. And now that you've decided to come down stairs and grace me with your presence, listen good because I'm only going to say this one more time: I haven't made the f*cking porridge yet!"
48. A 92 year old man is walking through a park and sees a talking frog. He picks up the frog and the frogs says, “If you kiss me, I will turn into a beautiful princess and be yours for a week.” The old man puts the frog in his pocket. The frog screams, “Hey if you kiss me, I will turn into a beautiful princess and make love to you for a whole month.” The old man looks at the frog and says, “At my age I’d rather have a talking frog.”
49. Q: What do you call an alligator wearing a vest? A: An investigator.
50. Q: What has more lives than a cat?A: A frog because it croaks every night.
51. One day a duck walks in a store and ask the manager if they sell grapes. The manager says, "No, we don't sell grapes." The duck goes home and comes back the next day and asks the same question. The manager says the same thing again, "No, we do not sell grapes." The duck goes home, comes back the next day, and asks the manager if they sell grapes. This time the manager says, "No, we don't sell grapes! If you ask one more time, I will nail your beak to the floor!" The duck goes home. It comes back the next day and asks the manager if he has any nails. The manager says, "No, I don't have any nails." The duck says, "Okay, good. Do you sell grapes?"
52. Q: What do you call a cow that just gave birth? A: Decalfeinated.
53. Q: Why do bunnies have soft sex? A: They have cotton balls.
54. A man is fishing and he catches a crocodile. The crocodile tells him, "Please let me go! I'll grant you any wish you desire." The man says, "Okay, I wish my p*nis could touch the ground."  The crocodile then bites his legs off.
55. A husband suspected his wife was cheating on him. He explained his situation to a pet shop owner who replied, "I have a parrot that will let you know daily what goes on in your house. The bird has no legs, so he holds onto his perch with his penis." Reluctantly, the husband brought the bird home. At the end of the first day, the man asked the bird, "Did anything happen today?" The parrot said, "Yes, the milk man came over." The man asked, "What did he do with my wife?" The bird said, "I don’t know; I got hard and fell."
56. Q: If you were forced to go through one of the following doors, which door do you go through with 100 % certainty you'd stay alive: a door with a man with a gun behind it, a door with a tiger who hasn't eaten in 7 years behind it, or a door with an electrical chair behind it? A: The one with the tiger behind it, because if it hasn't eaten in 7 years it's dead.
57. Q.  What's a shark's favorite sandwich? A.  Peanut butter and jellyfish!
58. Q: Why did the duck go to jail?A: Because he got caught selling quack.
59. Redhead: "You ever smelled moth balls?" Blonde: "Yes, I think they smell good." Redhead: "Wow, I can't believe you got your nose between those tiny legs."
60. Q: How do fish get high? A: Seaweed.
61. Q: What did the judge say when a skunk walked into the courtroom? A: "Odor in the court!"
62. A statue of a naked woman and a naked man stand in a park at night. Suddenly from out of nowhere, a magical genie arrives and grants the statues each one wish to be fulfilled. Both the female and male statues agree on 15 minutes as a real man and woman in the bushes behind them to "get things done." The genie gives a knowing grin and grants the wish. The man and woman immediately jump behind the bushes and screaming sounds and laughter can be heard from their activities. 12 minutes later they return to the front of the bush again claiming they are finished. "Well now, that was kinda quick!" the genie says. "You can do it a second time for the remaining 3 minutes if you want," the genie tells them, winking his eye. Both the female and male look at each other and smile. The man says to the woman, "Okay great, but this time you get to hold the pigeon so I can shit on him!"
63. Q: Why do centipedes have 100 legs? A: So they can walk.
64. A chicken walks into a library, goes up to a librarian and says, "Book book book." The librarian decides that the chicken wants a book so he gives the chicken a book and the chicken walks away. About ten minutes later the chicken comes back with the book, looking a bit agitated, saying, "Book book book." The librarian decides the chicken wants another book so he takes the old book back and gives the chicken another book. The chicken walks out the door. Ten minutes later the chicken comes back again, very agitated, saying, "Book book book!" so quickly it almost sounds like one word. The chicken puts the book on the librarians desk and looks up - waiting for another book. This time the librarian gives the chicken another book and decides that something weird is happening. He follows the chicken out the door and into the park, all the way to the pond. In the pond is a frog sitting on a lily pad. The chicken gives the book to the the frog, who then says, "Reddit, reddit."
65. Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
66. It was a baby mosquito's first day to fly out from home. When the mosquito came back  home later that day, the father mosquito asked, "How was your journey?" The baby mosquito replied, "It went great. Everyone was clapping for me!"
67. Q. what do you call a bear with no teethA. A gummy bear
68. Q: Whats the difference between a politician and a snail? A: One is slimy, a pest, and leaves a trail everywhere and the other is a snail.
69. Q: What animal should you never play cards with? A: A cheetah.
70. Q: How do birds fly? A: They just wing it!
71. A magician worked on a cruise ship in the Caribbean. The audience would be different each week, so the magician did the same tricks each week. However, there was a problem, the captain's parrot saw the shows each week and began to understand how the magician did every trick. Once he understood, he started shouting out the secrets in the middle of the show, "Look, it's not the same hat." "Look, he is hiding the flowers under the table." "Hey, why are all the cards the Ace of Spades?" The magician was furious but couldn't do anything, it was, after all, the captain's parrot. One day, the ship had an accident and sank. The magician found himself with the parrot, adrift on a piece of wood, in the middle of the ocean. They stared at each other with hatred, but did not utter a word. This went on for a day, then another, and another. Finally, after a week, the parrot said, "Okay, I give up. Where the heck is the boat?"
72. Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road? A: Chickens didn't exist yet.
73. Q: What did the spider do on the computer? A: Made a website!
74. Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
75. Q: Why did the pig leave the costume party? A: Because everyone thought he was a boar.
76. A man walks into a bar and the bartender says, "If you can make that horse over there laugh, you can get free drinks for the rest of the night." The man walks over, says something to the horse, it laughs, and he walks back over to the bar to collect his free drinks. The next night, the man goes back to the bar and the bartender asks the man if he can make the horse cry. The man walks over, does something to the horse, and it starts to cry. The bartender asks, "How did you make it cry?" The man replies, "Well, to make the horse laugh last night I told it I had a bigger dick and to make it cry tonight I showed it."
77. Q: Why cant you hear a pterodactyl pee? A: Because the "p" is silent.
78. Q: What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? A: "It's pasture bedtime."
79. Q: What's the importance of capitalization? A: You can either help your Uncle Jack off a horse or help your uncle jack off a horse.
80. Why did the turkey cross the road? Because he wasn't a chicken.
81. Q: Why does a cow wear a bell around its neck? A: Because its horns don't work.
82. Q: How do you catch a squirrel? A: Climb a tree and act like a nut.
83. A man needed a horse, so he went to a temple and got one. Before he left, the priest told him that it was a special horse. In order to make the horse go, you say, "Thank God," and for it to stop you say, "Amen." So the man left, and a few minutes later he dozed off on his horse. Hours later, he woke up and his horse was racing him towards the edge of a cliff. Just in time, he shouted "Amen!" and the horse stopped a few inches from the edge. "Whew," said the man, "thank God!"
84. Q: What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A: A thesaurus.
85. Q: Why do seagulls fly over the sea? A: Because if they flew over the bay they'd be bagels.
86. Why do seagulls fly over the sea?Because if they flew over the bay, they would be called bagles
87. Q: What did the beaver say to the tree? A: "It's been nice gnawing you!"
88. Q: What do you call an deep sea Transformer? A: Octopus Prime!
89. One day a man was walking in the woods when he got lost. For two days he roamed around trying to find a way out. He had not eaten anything during this period and was famished. Over on a rock ledge he spotted a bald eagle. He killed it, and started to eat it. Surprisingly, a couple of park rangers happen to find him at that moment, and arrested him for killing an endangered species. In court, he pleads innocent to the charges against him, claiming that if he didn't eat the bald eagle he would have died from starvation. The judge ruled in his favor. In the judge's closing statement he asked the man, "I would like you to tell me something before I let you go. I have never eaten a bald eagle, nor ever plan on it, but what did it taste like?" The man answered, "Well, it tasted like a cross between a whooping crane and a spotted owl!"
90. Q: What happens when you cross a shark with a cow? A: I don't know but I wouldn't milk it.
91. Q: What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind as it hits your windshield? A: Its butt.
92. A man goes to a strip club with an alligator. He says, "I bet you that I can put my dick into this alligator's mouth for 1 minute, and when I take it out, it will not be damaged. If I succeed, all of you will buy me drinks. If I fail, I will buy all of you drinks." The other men agree and he puts his dick into the alligator's mouth for 1 minute. After 1 minute, he hits the alligator on the head with a beer bottle, and he opens his mouth. To everyone's surprise, his dick is unharmed. "Now, before you buy me drinks, does anybody else want to try?" After a while, someone in the back finally raises their hand. It's a woman. "I guess I can try," she says, "but you have to promise not to hit me on the head with a beer bottle."
93. Q: What do you call a famous fish? A: A star fish.
94. Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the edge of their pool and throw them fish?
95. Q: What do you get when you cross a chicken and a vacuum? A: A cocksucker.
96. Waiter: "Do you want any dessert?" Teddy Bear: "No Thanks. I'm Stuffed!"
97. Just had a dangerous mole removed from the end of my penis. Definitely won't be shagging one of those again.
98. Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?A: Because chickens weren't around yet.
99. What did the elephant say to the naked man? "Cute, cute, but can it pick up peanuts?"
100. Q: Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? A: Because they were watch dogs.
101. Q: Why do birds fly South for the winter?A: It's too far to walk.
102. Q: What do you get from a pampered cow? A: Spoiled milk.
103. Q: What do elephants use for tampons? A: Sheep.
104. Q: What does a clam do on its birthday? A: Shellabrate!
105. What's invisible and smells like carrots?

Rabbit farts.
106. A man rushes his limp dog to the veterinarian. The doctor pronounces the dog dead. The agitated man demands a second opinion. The vet goes into the back room and comes out with a cat. The cat sniffs the body and meows. The vet says, "I'm sorry, but the cat thinks that your dog is dead, too." The man is still unwilling to accept that his dog is dead. The vet brings in a black Labrador. The lab sniffs the body and barks. The vet says, "I'm sorry, but the lab thinks your dog is dead, too." The man finally resigns to the diagnosis and asks how much he owes. The vet answers, "$650." "$650 to tell me my dog is dead?" exclaims the man. "Well," the vet replies, "I would only have charged you $50 for my initial diagnosis. The additional $600 is for the cat scan and lab tests."
107. Two salesmen were going door to door, and knocked on the door of a woman who was not happy to see them. She told them in no uncertain terms that she did not want to hear their offer and slammed the door in their faces. To her surprise, however, the door did not close and, in fact, bounced back open. She tried again, really put her back into it, and slammed the door again with the same result - the door bounced back open. Convinced these rude salesmen were sticking their foot in the door, she reared back to give it a slam that would teach them a lesson, when one of the men said: "Ma'am, before you do that again, you need to move your cat."
108. Q: Where can you find the biggest amount of the largest sized women's lingerie in the world? A: In Africa: there's thousands of Z bras.
109. I went to a hot dog stand with my pet snake. I said," May I please have a hot dog for my snake?" The waitress replied, "I'm sorry, but we're all out of buns." I said, "My anaconda don't want none unless you've got buns, hun!"
110. A guy spots a sign outside a house that reads “Talking Dog for Sale.” Intrigued, he walks in. “So what have you done with your life?” he asks the dog. “I've led a very full life,” says the dog. “I lived in the Alps rescuing avalanche victims. Then I served my country in Iraq. And now I spend my days reading to the residents of a retirement home.” The guy is flabbergasted. He asks the dog’s owner, “Why on earth would you want to get rid of an incredible dog like that?” The owner says, “Because he’s a liar! He never did any of that!”
111. Q: What do you call a fish with no eyes? A: A fsh.
112. A farmer is walking with a prospective buyer when they see a beautiful pig in the yard, except it has a wooden leg. The buyer asks, "Why the wooden leg?" The farmer replies, "That pig is so smart, I let it drive the kids to school." "Great, but why the wooden leg?" "The pig is so smart it has a degree in horticulture and philosophy." "Amazing! But why the bloody wooden leg?" "Well when you have a pig that smart you don't eat it all at once!"
113. Q: Why did the bunny go to the hospital? A: For a hoperation.
114. Why do hummingbirds hum? Because they don't know the words.
115. What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts?  
Beer nuts are $1.50 and deer nuts are under a buck.
116. Q: What do you call a dog with no legs?A: It does not matter, it's not going to come.
117. A farmer and his brand new bride are riding home in a wagon pulled by a team of horses, when the older horse stumbles. The farmer says, "That's once." A little further along, the horse stumbles again. The farmer says, "That's twice." When the old horse stumbles again, the farmer quietly reaches under his seat, pulls out a shotgun, and shoots the horse. His brand new bride yells, "That was an awful thing to do!" The farmer says, "That's once."
118. Hickory Dickory Dock. Two mice ran up the clock. The clock struck one and the other got away with minor injuries.
119. Q: What do you call a T-Rex's bruise? A: A dino-sore.
120. Knock, knock. Who's there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo!
121. Why did the dog sit in the shade? Because he didn't want to be a hot dog!
122. A man goes to a pet shop and buys a talking parrot. He takes the parrot home and tries to teach the parrot how to say a few things, but instead, the parrot just swears at him. After a few hours of trying to teach the bird, the man finally says, "If you don't stop swearing, I'm going to put you in the freezer as punishment." The parrot continues, so finally the man puts the bird in the freezer. About an hour later, the parrot asks the man to please open the door. As the man takes the shivering bird out of the freezer, it says, "I promise to never swear again. Just tell me what that turkey did!"
123. Why can't Miss Piggy count to 100?
Because when she gets to 69 she has a frog in her throat.
124. Q: What time is it when a elephant sits on a fence? A: Time to fix the fence.
125. A baby snake asked it's mom, "Mommy are we poisonous?" The mother snake responded, "Yes honey, but why do you want to know?" The baby snake responded, "Because I just bit myself..."
126. What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe out of that thing
127. An American tourist walks out of a Mexican train station when he notices he isn't wearing his watch. A Mexican man is resting under a sombrero under a nearby tree. The American approaches the Mexican and asks, "Excuse me, do you know what time is?" The Mexican looks at the donkey, grabs its balls, and replies, "4:30." The American asks, "How do you know that?" The Mexican replies, "Well you get a handful of the donkeys balls and lift them up so you can see that clock across the street."
128. Q: Why are fish easy to weigh? A: Because they have their own scales.
129. Q: How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesA: You never see a rabbit wears glasses.
130. Q: Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? A: Because if it had four, it would be chicken sedan.
131. Q: What do bees comb their hair with? A: A honey comb!
132. What did the dog say to the hot dog bun? 
"Are you pure bred?"
133. Q: What's a bunny's favorite restaurant? A: IHOP.
134. What is the difference between a cat and a dog? Dogs think, "Humans are benevolent, they feed me and take care of me, so they must be Gods. Cats think, "Humans are benevolent, they feed me and take care of me, so I must be God."
135. Q: A cowboy left Montana to go to Texas on Friday and came back on Friday. How did he do it? A: He named his horse Friday.
136. Q: Why is a swordfish's nose 11 inches long? A: Because if it were 12 inches long, it would be a foot!
137. What do you do with a dog that doesn’t have any legs?  You take him for a drag.
138. Q: What says "Eoo?" A: A cow with no lips.
139. Two nuns from Ireland come to tour New York City. Before they come, they hear that Americans eat dogs, so they both agree to try it when they arrive. As they're walking around New York, they hear, "Hot Dogs! Get your hot dogs!" They rush over to get one! As the first nun opens hers, her face turns white and she gasps, "What part did you get?!"
140. Where do cows go on friday night?To the MOOOOOvies
141. Q: Where do sharks go on their holidays? A: Finland.
142. A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "If I show you a really good trick, will you give me a free drink?" The bartender considers it, then agrees. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tiny rat. He reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues. The bartender pours the man a drink on the house and he puts the rat and piano away.

After the man finished his drink, he asked the bartender, "If I show you an even better trick, will you give me free drinks for the rest of the evening?" The bartender agrees, thinking that no trick could possibly be better than the first. The man reaches into his pockets again and pulls out the tiny rat and tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues. The man reaches into a third pocket and pulls out a small bullfrog, who begins to sing along with the rat's music.

While the man is enjoying his beverages, a stranger confronts him and offers him $100,000.00 for the bullfrog. "Sorry," the man replies, "he's not for sale." The stranger increases the offer to $250,000.00 cash up front. "No," he insists, "he's not for sale." The stranger again increases the offer, this time to $500,000.00 cash. The man finally agrees, and turns the frog over to the stranger in exchange for the money.

"Are you insane?" the bartender demanded. "That frog could have been worth millions to you, and you let him go for a mere $500,000!" "Don't worry about it," the man answered. "The frog was nothing special. You see, the rat's a ventriloquist."
143. A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink and while he's drinking it the monkey is running wild. The monkey jumps up on the pool table and grabs the cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole.

The bartender is livid and says to the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?"

"No. What did that stupid monkey do this time?" says the patron.

"Well, he just swallowed the cue ball off the pool table, whole" says the bartender.

"Yeah, well I hope it kills him because he's been driving me nuts," says the patron.

The guy finishes his drink and leaves.

Two weeks later he comes back with the monkey. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running wild around the bar again. While the man is drinking his drink, the monkey finds some peanuts on the bar. He grabs one, sticks it up his butt, then pulls it out and eats it. The bartender is disgusted.

"Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks.

"What now?" responds the patron. "Well, he stuck a peanut up his butt, then pulled it out and ate it" says the bartender.

"Well, what do you expect?" replied the patron. "Ever since he ate that darn cue ball he measures everything first!"
144. Why does a squirrel swim on its back? To keep its nuts dry!
145. Why don't they play poker in the jungle?Too many Cheetahs!
146. Q: Why are frogs so happy? A Because they eat everything that bugs them.
147. Coach: "Why are you late for the game?" Caterpillar: "I had to put my shoes on."
148. A woman answered the doorbell with a man standing on her porch. The man said, "I'm terribly sorry. I just ran over your cat and I would like to replace it for you." The woman replied, "Well that's alright with me, but how are you at catching mice?"
149. Q: Where do bees go to the toilet? A: The BP station.
150. Q: What do you call a man attacked by a cat? A: Claude.
151. Q. Why does a cow wear a bell? A. Because it's horn does not work
152. Q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?                            A: Because the "P" is silent.
153. On his first visit to the zoo, a little boy stared at the caged stork for a long time and asked his dad, "Why doesn't the stork recognize me?"
154. Q: How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? A: Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers.
155. Pick up line: "Are you a beaver because damn!"
156. Q: What did the fish say when he ran into a wall? A: "Dam."
157. Q: What do you call a cow with two legs? A: Lean beef.
158. Q: What do you call a dog with metal balls and no hind legs? A: Sparky.
159. A blind man walks into a store with his seeing eye dog. All of a sudden, he picks up the leash and begins swinging the dog over his head. The manager runs up to the man and asks, "What are you doing?!!" The blind man replies, "Just looking around."
160. Q: What does a pig put on its paper cut? A: Oinkment!
161. Why are sharks mostly salt water creatures? Because pepper would make them sneeze.
162. What did the farmer get when he crossed a centipede with a Turkey? 100 Drumsticks.
163. Q: What show do cows love to watch while they're eating? A: Graze Anatomy.
164. Q: How did the frog die? A: He Kermit suicide.
165. What did Santa call his reindeer that couldn't fly? Dinner.
166. Two caged circus lions break free and corner a clown in his dressing room. One lion says to the other, "Forget it, those things taste funny."
167. Q: How does a cow sneak off a farm? A: Right pasteurize.
168. What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? Ell-if-I-no (Hell if I know).
169. A man walk into a bar and says, "Give me something to drink just no vodka." The bartender asks, "Why? That's your typical drink of choice." The man replies, "Because last night I got drunk and blew Chunks." The bartender says, "Well, it's normal to blow chunks if you drink too much. The man says, "No, Chunks is my dog."
170. teacher asks to a student that if I give you 3+3 rabbits, how many do you have"?student tells, I will have 7 rabbits.teacher asks, how?student tells, i already have 1 rabbit.
171. What did the chicken say when it got to the library? "Book book book book book book book..."
172. Q: What do you get when you cross a giraffe with an ant? A: A giant.
173. Why do gorillas have large nostrils? 

Because they have fat fingers.
174. Q: What do you call a 3 legged donkey? A: A wonkey.
175. The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
176. Q: What do you call a duck that steals? A: A Robber Duck.
177. A midget with a lisp goes to a farmer to buy a horse. He looks over the horse to inspect it, and says to the farmer, "I'd like to sthee its teeth." So the farmer picks him up to give him a view of the teeth. Then, the midget says, "I'd like to sthee its ears." Again, the farmer picks him up to view the horses ears. Then the midget says, "I'd like to sthee its twat." "Excuse me?" says the farmer. The midget says, "I'd like to sthee its twat." So the farmer picks him up and shoves his head up the horse's twat. The midget's legs are flailing violently, and he’s screaming in there, so the farmer pulls him out and puts him down. The midget looks at the farmer and says, "I think I'll rephrase that, I'd like to sthee it run."
178. Q: What do you call a polar bear in the jungle? A: Lost.
179. Q: How do you capture a polar bear? A: You dig a hole in the snow and set peas around it. When the bear comes to take a pea you kick it in the ice hole
180. A man dining at a restaurant flagged down his waiter and said, "Excuse me. I have a bee in my soup." The waiter replied, "Yes sir. Didn't you order the alphabet soup?"
181. A bear walks into a bar. He says, "I'll have a gin... ... ... ... and tonic." The bartender says, "Sure, but what about the big pause?" The bear says, "I was born with them."
182. A circus owner walked into a bar to see everyone crowded around a table watching a little show. On the table was an upside down pot and a duck tap dancing on it. The circus owner was so impressed that he offered to buy the duck from its owner. After some wheeling and dealing, they settled for $10,000 for the duck and the pot. Three days later the circus owner runs back to the bar in anger, "Your duck is a rip-off! I put him on the pot before a whole audience and he didn't dance a single step!" "So?," asked the duck's former owner, "did you remember to light the candle under the pot?"
183. Q: Why do milking stools only have three legs? A: Because the cow’s got the udder!
184. Q: What do you call a bear that is cold? A: A burr.
185. Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the house.
Knock Knock! (Who's there?) The chicken!
186. An old woman walks into a butcher shop and asks for a New Mexico duck. The butcher grabs the nearest duck and hands it to the old lady. She puts her finger up its ass, pulls it out, smells it, and says, "You must be new here because this is no New Mexico duck." The butcher replies, "Yep, I am new here."  The old lady comes back with, "Well, where are you from?" The butcher drops his pants, spreads his butt cheeks and says, "I don't know, why don't you tell me."
187. What disease do elderly dinosaurs get? Jurassic Parkinsons.
188. Q: Why don't Batman and Robin go fishing?A: Because Robin eats all the worms.
189. Yo momma's so fat, when she went to the zoo, elephants began throwing peanuts at her.
190. This guy walks into a quiet bar. He is carrying three ducks, one in each hand, and one under his left arm. He places them on the bar. He has a few drinks and chats with the bartender. The bartender is experienced, and has learned not to ask people about the animals that they bring into the bar, so he doesn't mention the ducks. They chat for about 30 minutes before the guy with the ducks has to go to the restroom.
The ducks are left on the bar. The bartender is alone with the ducks. There is an awkward silence. The bartender decides to try to make some conversation. "What's your name?" He says to the first duck.
"Huey" replies the first duck. "How's your day been, Huey?"
"Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day."
"Oh. That's nice," says the Bartender. Then he says to the second duck "Hi, and what's your name?" "Dewey," came the answer. "So how's your day been, Dewey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day. If I had the chance another day I would do the same again." So the bartender turns to the third duck and says, "So, you must be Louie." "No," growls the third duck, "my name is Puddles, and don't ask about my day."
191. Q: Where do baby apes sleepA: In apricots
192. Q: Why did the ants dance on the jam jar? A: The lid said, "Twist to open."
193. Q: What do you give a pig who wins a medal at the Olympic games? A: A pork medallion.
194. A man's big rottweiler has been losing its vision, so the owner brings the dog to the vet. The veterinarian picks the dog up and says, "I will have to put him down." The owner asks, "Why? Because he's blind?" The vet replies, "No, he's heavy. I need to put him down."
195. NASA put a bunch of cows into orbit. They call it the herd shot round the world.
196. What do a walrus and tupperware have in common? They're both looking for a tight seal!
197. Did you know there is a species of antelope capable of jumping higher then the average house due to its powerful hind legs and the fact that the average house can't jump?
198. Q: Why do ducks have webbed feet? A: To stamp out fire. Q: Why do elephants have flat feet? A: To stamp out burning ducks.
199. What is green and red and goes 100 miles an hour? A frog in a blender.
200. Where do you take a sick horse? To the horse-pital!!!
201. Q. Why did the cow cross the road?A. To get to the udder side.
202. Why are worms great at poker?  They have five hearts.
203. How can you tell which end of a worm is which? Tickle it in the middle and see which end smiles.
204. A crab walks into a bar and asks for something to drink. The bartender says, "Sorry, we do not serve food."
205. A bear is chasing a bunny when all of a sudden a djinni appears and grants them each three wishes. The bear, being very selfish, wishes that all the bears in his forest were female and instantly it is done. Then the bunny wishes he had a lifetime supply of carrots in his backyard. For his next turn, the bear wishes that all the other bears in his entire nation were female. The bunny wishes for a motorcycle. Finally on the last wish, the bear wishes that all the other bears on the whole earth were female. The bunny wishes that the bear was gay and rides home on his motorcycle.
206. Q: What's a frog's favorite drink? A: Croak-a cola.
207. There are 2 cats. The one two three cat and the un deux trois cat. They had a race across the English Channel. Which cat won? The one two three cat because the un deux trois cat cinq.
208. Want to hear a dirty joke? The white horse fell in the mud.
209. Q: Does a dolphin ever do something by accident? A: No, they do everything on porpoise.
210. A guy hears a knock on his door. He opens the door, sees a snail, then picks it up and chucks it as far as possible.

Three years later, he hears a knock on his door, opens the door, and sees the same snail. The snail says, "Hey man, what did you do that for?!"
211. Q: What do you get if you cross a horse with a bee?A: Neigh buzz
212. What happend when the duck fell  upside-down? He quacked up!
213. A guy walks into a bar with his monkey and tells the bartender, "What do you say you buy me a drink if I can get this monkey here to bl*w me?" The bartender agrees and the guy smacks his monkey upside his head. The monkey falls over, jumps up, pulls the guys thing out, and starts bl*wing. Another guy at the end of the bar has been watching in amazement and says, "Hey, can I try that?!" The monkey owner says, "Sure," and the other guy says, "Okay, just don't hit me that hard."
214. A snail entered a police station and told an officer, "I just got mugged by two turtles. They beat me up and took all my money!" The officer replied, "Why that's terrible. Did you get a good look at them?" "No sir, it all happened so fast!"
215. What did the doctor say when a pony came in complaining about a sore throat? "I know what's wrong here; you're just a little hoarse!"
216. My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
217. Joe takes his friend Steve hunting for the first time, and reminds him to be still and keep quiet. An hour into the woods, Joe hears Steve screaming behind him. "I thought I told you to be quiet!" says Joe." Hey, I kept quiet when the snake bit me," says Steve, "and I was quiet when the fox attacked me, but when the two chipmunks crawled up my pant leg just now, I heard one ask the other, 'Should we eat them now or take them with us?'"
218. Q: What do you call a bulldog and shih tzu crossbreed?A: Bullshit.
219. A religious woman buys a parrot and takes it home. As soon as she gets the bird in its new cage, it starts hollering, "I'm a whore! I'm a whore!" The lady is embarrassed and asks her minister if she should return the foul-mouthed bird. The minister suggests, "I have a well-behaved male parrot who sits in its cage and prays all day long. Perhaps if we put your bird in with mine, your bird will see the error of its ways and become more pious." The next day, the woman takes her parrot to the minister's house and puts her bird in with the praying parrot. After a few seconds, her parrot starts saying, "I'm a whore! I'm a whore!" The priest's parrot replies, "Come on in honey, that's what I've been praying for!"
220. Two flys are out on a date, so they go out on the town and see fresh dog poop on the side of the road. They rush down and start feasting, when one of the flies stops and has the biggest relieved face. The other fly asks, "Are you okay?" The fly responds with a squirmish smile and the other fly smells something funky and says, "Dude, how rude! You fart while I'm eating!"
221. Why did the turtle cross the road? To get to the shell station!
222. Q: What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A: A bird can fly but a fly can't bird!
223. Two doctors are on a golf course at the tenth hole. One of them looks up in the trees and sees an owl asleep on a branch. One doctor says to the other, "I'll bet you $100 I can give that owl a vasectomy and that owl won't even wake up." The other doctor says, "You've got a bet." The first doctor climbs up the tree, does the operation, and comes down from the tree. The owl never wakes up. The second doctor, not to be outdone, says, "I bet you the same that I can give that owl a tonsillectomy and he won't wake up." The second doctor climbs up the tree, does his operation, and the owl never wakes up. An hour later, the owl wakes up, flies to another tree, sees another owl and tells him, "Whatever you do, don't fall asleep in that tree by the tenth hole, because when I woke up after a nap, I couldn't hoot worth a fuck or fuck worth a hoot!"
224. Why did the unwashed chicken cross the road twice?

Because it was a dirty double crosser.
225. Why did the gum cross the road? Because it was stuck to the chicken's foot!
226. There were three pigs. The first pig went to a bar, ordered a drink, gulped it down, went to the bathroom, and then left. The second pig went to the same bar, ordered a drink, gulped it down, went to the bathroom, and then left.
The third pig went to the same bar, ordered a drink, gulped it down, and was just going to leave. The bartender asked if he was going to the bathroom, the third little pig said, “No, I’m the little pig that goes weee weee weee all the way home.”
227. What magazine does the big bad wolf read. Porks Illustrated
228. A man is attending a function in another village, riding a horse. As he is about to go, he notices that his horse is missing. He shouts, asking for his horse, but nobody seems to know where it is. "If I don't find my horse, I will do exactly what I did when I lost my first horse!" Suddenly, the horse appears. Out of curiosity, a man goes up to him and asks, "What did you do when you lost your first horse?" He replies, "I walked."
229. Q: Why did the emu cross the road? A: Because it was the chickens day off.
230. Why do Polish dogs have flat faces? From chasing so many parked cars.
231. To err is human. To forgive is also human. Actually, everything you do is human. Except for laying eggs. That's more of a bird thing.
232. Jason gets off the elevator on the 50th floor and nervously knocks on his blind date's door. She opens it and is very beautiful and charming. 

"I'll be ready in a few minutes," she says. "Why don't you play with Spot, my dog, while you're waiting? He does wonderful tricks. He rolls over, shakes hands, sits up, and if you make a hoop with your arms, he'll jump through." 

The dog follows Jason onto the balcony and starts rolling over. John makes a hoop with his arms and Spot jumps through, over the balcony railing. Just then, Jason's date walks out. 

"Isn't Spot the cutest, happiest dog you've ever seen?" 

"To tell the the truth, " he replies, "Spot seemed a little depressed to me!"
233. With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
234. Q: What do you call bear with no teeth?A: Gummy bear
235. Q: Why did the cow cross the street? A: To get to the udder side.
236. What do race horses eatFast food!
237. What does a gay horse eat? Heeeeyyy.
238. A duck walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, "We don't serve ducks here."  The duck says, "I'll pay you $20."  "Your money isn't good here." "Then put it on my bill."
239. If a cow poops in a fishtank with no fish in it, is it still a fishtank?  Or is it now an entirely different entity?
240. Q: What do you call a cow that eats your grass?A: A lawn moo-er.
241. Q: How do you put an elephant into a Safeway bag? A: You take the "f" out of safe & the "f" out of way- wait, there's no "f" in way!
242. Q: Where does a cow go on vacation? A: An aMOOsement park.
243. Q: Why can't you see a Hippopotamus hiding in a tree? A: Because he's really good at it.
244. What do you call a bee which is always complaining? A grumble bee.
245. Q: What do dolphins have that no other mammals have? A: Baby dolphins.
246. Life is like fighting a gorilla, you don't stop when you get tired, you stop when the gorilla does.
247. One night a Deer, a Skunk and a Duck went out for dinner at a restaurant. When it came time to pay, the Skunk didn't have a scent, the Deer didn't have a buck, so they put it on the Duck's bill.
248. Q: What does a cheetah say when someone looks at it? A: "I've been spotted!"
249. Q: Where do cows go to get some culture? A: The mooseum!
250. Why is turtle wax so expensive? Because they have such small ears.
251. What is the scariest type of dinosaur? A Terror-dactyle.
252. Q: What do you call a deaf dog? A: It doesn't matter; it can't hear you.
253. There is a drunk guy in a bar and a big, fat woman with a parrot on her shoulder. She sits by the drunk guy and he looks over at her and says, "Where'd you get that hog?" She looks at him and frowns. He takes a few more drinks, then he says, "Where'd you get that hog?" She looks and says, "I'll have you know, this is not a hog, this is a parrot!" The dude says, "Well I'll have you know, I was talking to the hog."
254. Why did the mother cat move her kittens?

She didn’t want to litter.
255. A giraffe walks into a bar and lies on the floor. The bartender says, "Whats that a lyin' on the floor?" Another bargoer replies, "It's not a lion, it's a giraffe!"
256. Q: What do you call a dinosaur that sits on nails? A. Megasaurus (mega sore ass).
257. I drove my sister's guinea pig to the vet this morning. My new golf clubs work great!
258. Girl: Do you believe in puppy love?
Boy: I tried it once, but their a**holes are too small.
259. A rabbit walks up to a bear that's sitting next to a tree. The bear asks the rabbit, "Excuse me, but do you have a problem with sh*t being on your fur?" The rabbit, thinking for a moment, replies, "No, not at all." So the bear picks up the rabbit, and wipes his ass with him.
260. Q: How many tickles does it take to get a Octopus to laugh?A: Ten Tickles.
261. What do you call a T-rex with a sombrero on? A tyranosaurus-mex.
262. If I had a rooster and you had a donkey, and my rooster got his foot stuck in your donkeys butt, what would you have? Two feet of my c*ck in your ass.
263. Why do gorillas have such big nostrils? Because they have such big fingers.
264. How do you make an elephant float? You put two scoops of elephant in a cup and add soda.
265. How do you make a horse laugh? Tell him your schlong is bigger than his. How do you make a horse cry? Show him.
266. What do you call a blender full of laboratory monkeys? Rhesus pieces.
267. A giraffe walks into a bar, looks around, and says, "Well guys, I guess the highballs are on me!"
268. What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff!
269. What do you call a blind dinosaur?

A Thoughtusawus.
270. Why, when the birds fly in the shape of a V, one line is shorter than the other? Because one line has more birds in it, duh.
271. a man knocks on a lady's door and said 'i'm terribly sorry miss but i ran over your cat,.  because i'm responsible of its death i would like to replace your cat ' and the lady said ' thank You so how are you at you at catching mice then?'
272. Q: Why can't an emu fly? A: It never books a flight
273. A horse walks into a bar, and the bartender says, "Why the long face?"
274. What is out of bounds? An exhausted kangaroo.
275. Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
276. A horse goes into an Irish Pub and the bartender says, "Hey buddy, why the long face?"
277. What does a Seiko watch and an elephant have in common? They both come in quarts!
278. Fed up with failure in preventing coyotes from killing his sheep, a rancher brought out his rifle to eliminate the pack. Suddenly, a federal bureaucrat rushed up and breathlessly screamed, "Wait, there's no need to do that.  We've developed a new drug that renders them impotent." "I don't know what y`all do in Washington," drawled the rancher taking aim again, "but out here the coyotes eat the sheep."
279. Bob asked, "What do you think who has the best eyesight?" Jim replied, "Birds have the best eyesight." Bob asked, "Why?" Jim replied, "Because birds don't need to wear glasses."
280. A man went to a restaurant, sat down, and there was a frog at the table.  He asked him what he had to eat, and the frog replied, "Riblets."
281. What do you call a ham you really want? Pork-you-pine!
282. A bear walks into a restaurant and say’s “I want a grilllllled………………………………………cheese.” The waiter says “Whats with the pause?”The bear replies “Whaddya mean, I’M A BEAR.”
283. why cant a leopard hide ?because its always spotted
284. A Horse Walked Into The Bar... The Bartender says "Why The Long Face?"
