1. Teacher: "Kids, what does the chicken give you?"Student: "Meat!"Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?"Student: "Bacon!"Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?"Student: "Homework!"
2. My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
3. Roses are red. Your blood is too. You look like a monkey And belong in a zoo. Do not worry, I'll be there too. Not in the cage, But laughing at you.
4. Kid 1: "Hey, I bet you're still a virgin." Kid 2: "Yeah, I was a virgin until last night ." Kid 1: "As if." Kid 2: "Yeah, just ask your sister." Kid 1: "I don't have a sister." Kid 2: "You will in about nine months."
5. A teacher wanted to teach her students about self-esteem, so she asked anyone who thought they were stupid to stand up. One kid stood up and the teacher was surprised. She didn’t think anyone would stand up so she asked him, “Why did you stand up?” He answered, “I didn’t want to leave you standing up by yourself.”
6. Whenever your ex says, "You'll never find someone like me," the answer to that is, "That's the point."
7. Girlfriend: "Am I pretty or ugly?" Boyfriend: "You're both." Girlfriend: "What do you mean?" Boyfriend: "You're pretty ugly."
8. A man is lying on the beach, wearing nothing but a cap over his crotch. A woman passing by remarks, "If you were any sort of a gentleman, you would lift your hat to a lady." He replies, "If you were any sort of a sexy lady, the hat would lift by itself."
9. Bob was in trouble. He forgot his wedding anniversary. His wife was really angry. She told him "Tomorrow morning, I expect to find a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds AND IT BETTER BE THERE!" The next morning he got up early and left for work. When his wife woke up, she looked out the window and sure enough there was a box gift-wrapped in the middle of the driveway. Confused, the wife put on her robe and ran out to the driveway, brought the box back in the house. She opened it and found a brand new bathroom scale. Bob has been missing since Friday.
10. Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
11. A lady comes home from her doctor's appointment grinning from ear to ear. Her husband asks, "Why are you so happy?" The wife says, "The doctor told me that for a forty-five year old woman, I have the breasts of a eighteen year old." "Oh yeah?" quipped her husband, "What did he say about your forty-five year old ass?" She said, "Your name never came up in the conversation."
12. An old teacher asked her student, "If I say, 'I am beautiful,' which tense is that?" The student replied, "It is obviously past."
13. Girl: "Girls are better than boys."Boy: "Then why did God make boys first?"Girl: "Duh, you have to have a rough draft before the final copy."
14. A mother said to her son, "Look at that kid over there; he's not misbehaving." The son replied, "Maybe he has good parents then!"
15. A worldwide survey was conducted by the UN. The only question asked was: "Would you please give your honest opinion about solutions to the food shortage in the rest of the world?" The survey was a huge failure. In Africa they didn't know what "food" meant. In Eastern Europe they didn't know what "honest" meant. In Western Europe they didn't know what "shortage" meant. In China they didn't know what "opinion" meant. In the Middle East they didn't know what "solution" meant. In South America they didn't know what "please" meant. And in the USA they didn't know what "the rest of the world" meant.
16. A wife asked her husband, "What do you like most in me, my pretty face or my sexy body?" He looked at her from head to toe and replied, "I like your sense of humor!"
17. My friend told me he had the body of a Greek god. I had to explain to him that Buddha is not Greek.
18. Did you hear about the two bald guys who put their heads together? They made an ass out of themselves!
19. Yo mama is so ugly she made my happy meal cry
20. A guy and girl had sex poem competition.Guy: "Two times two is four, four plus five is nine. I can put mine in yours, but you can't put yours in mine." Girl: "Two times two is four, four plus five is nine. I know the length of yours, but you won't know the depth of mine."
21. I saw a young teenage kid on the subway today. He had a Mohawk hairstyle dyed yellow, green, and red. He caught me staring at him and in a nasty voice asked, "What the f*ck are you looking at?" I replied, "Sorry, but when I was about your age I had sex with a parrot. I thought maybe you were my son."
22. I'm not calling you a slut, I'm calling you a penny: two faced, worthless, and in everyone's pants.
23. Why doesn't Mexico have a Olympic team?Because everybody that can run, jump, and swim are already in the U.S
24. When somebody calls you gay, say, "I'm straighter than the pole your mom dances on."
25. Man: I want to give myself to you.Woman: Sorry, I don't accept cheap gifts.
26. Q: Why are blonde jokes so short? A: So brunettes can remember them.
27. A husband says to his wife, "You know, our son got his brain from me." The wife replies, "I think he did. I still got mine with me!"
28. You know you're getting fat when you say you're fat in front of your friends and nobody corrects you.
29. You have so many gaps in your teeth, it looks like your tongue is in jail.
30. Your Halloween costume came in the mail today. I opened it. It was a rooster mask and a bag of lollipops. Going as a c*ck sucker again!?
31. One woman I was dating called and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
32. You are so ugly, the last time you got a piece of ass was when your hand slipped through the toilet paper.
33. Why don't you slip into something more comfortable, like a coma.
34. God made rivers, God made lakes, God made you, Hell, everyone makes mistakes.
35. A man asks a woman, "Haven't I seen you someplace before?" The woman responds, "Yeah, that's why I don't go there anymore."
36. Bob: "Why did the chicken cross the road?" Joe: "To get to the idiot's house." Bob: "Knock knock." Joe: "Who's there?" Bob: "The chicken."
37. A man siting at a bar asked a pretty woman sitting next to him, Excuse me, but can I smell your pussy?" "Get away from me, you pervert," she replied. "Oh, I'm sorry," exclaims the man, "It must be your feet."
38. If I throw a stick, will you go away?
39. Q: Why can't orphans play baseball? A: Because they don't know where home is.
40. I never forget a face! But in your case I'll make an exception!
41. I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying.
42. You're so fat you're the reason why the Earth is tilted.
43. Q: How do you get 500 old cows in a barn? A: Put up a Bingo sign.
44. Insult: If you were any dumber, your head would implode.Response: If you were a little bit more intelligent you'd still be stupid.
45. A man and woman were having sex. After they were done, the man asks the woman, "Are you a nurse?" The woman answers, "Yes. How did you know?" The man replies, "Because you took care of me so well." Then the woman asks the man, "Are you an anesthesiologist?" He says proudly, "Yes. How do you know?" The woman answers, "Because I didn't feel a thing."
46. Q: How do you leave a jackass in suspense? A: Don't know. I'll tell you tomorrow
47. If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
48. You've got your head so far up your ass you can chew your food twice.
49. china...austraila..new zealand...south africa is fighting who has the best stuffchina says they have the biggest wallaustraila says they have the best grassnew zealand says they have the best flagsouth africa says they have the springbuck ..he jumps over the wall ...shits on the grass...and wipes his ass with the flag
50. I hear you are very kind to animals, so please give that face back to the gorilla.
51. Tom: "Were you born on the highway?" Jerry: "Uh no, why?" Tom: "Because that's where most accidents happen."
52. You're lucky mirrors don't talk, or laugh for that matter.
53. Q: Who is the poorest guy in the south?A: The Tooth Fairy.
54. Well, they do say opposites attract. So I sincerely hope you meet somebody who is attractive, honest, intelligent, and cultured.
55. You're so stupid, you threw a rock at the ground and missed.
56. I heard that you went to the haunted house and they offered you a job.
57. You've got the perfect weapon against muggers. Your face.
58. You're so ugly, your husband takes you with him everywhere he goes, so he doesn't have to kiss you goodbye.
59. This is Ima Singin, I am really offended by this joke.There is Sum Ting Wong with your sense of humor if you think thats funny
60. What do you call an Indian man which is on fire?Ima Singin.
61. A fat man goes into a fast food restaurant and orders his food. The cashier says that it will be a minute or two for his food. Finally his food is ready. The cashier hands the food to the fat guy and tells him, "Sorry about your weight."
62. If I was as ugly as you were, I wouldn't say "Hi" to people. I'd say "BOO!"
63. A guy is sitting at a bar, and a drunk dude walks up to him, calling his mom a whore. The first guy just ignores it and stays in his spot drinking his beer. An hour goes by and the drunk dude comes back saying, "Your mom is a whore!" The first guy looks around the bar, sees people staring and says, "Don't worry, everything is cool here," and shrugs it off. After a few more shots, the drunk dude walks up a third time and says, "Your mom... is such... a whore!" The guy finally gets mad, throws his fist on the table and says, "You know what, Dad? Go home!"
64. How did giraffes come to be? Chuck Norris uppercut a horse.
65. Your teeth are so big when you sneeze you bite your chest.
66. If I ever need a brain transplant, I'd choose yours because I'd want a brain that had never been used.
67. So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
68. Your face looks like it caught on fire and somebody tried to put it out with a fork.
69. Insult: Hey, you're not much of a looker, but I'll date you.Response: Thanks. You must be very open-minded. Was that how your brain slipped out?
70. What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? A BMW has pricks on the inside!
71. My psychiatrist told me I was crazy, so I said, "I want a second opinion." He said, "Okay, you're ugly too."
72. You're so ugly, you make blind kids cry.
73. Hold still, I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
74. Go ahead, tell them everything you know. It'll only take 10 seconds.
75. I don't mind that you are talking, so long as you don't mind that I'm not listening.
76. You should do some soul-searching. Maybe you'll find one.
77. Save your breath. You'll need it to blow up your date.
78. If beauty was a drop of water, you'd be the Sahara Desert.
79. How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
80. I was sitting in a bar one day and two really large women came in, talking in an interesting accent.So I said, "Cool accent, are you two ladies from Ireland?"One of them snarled at me, "It's Wales, Dumbo!"So I corrected myself, "My apologies, so are you two whales from Ireland?"End on story
81. Roses are red. Violets are blue. I have five fingers; The middle one's for you.
82. If ugliness were bricks, you'd be the Great Wall of China!
83. Tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
84. Listen, are you always this stupid or are you just making a special effort today?
85. If you call one of those psychic hotlines and they don't greet you by your name, you should hang up!
86. When you die, you should have your brain donated to science. I hear they're trying to come up with the perfect vacuum.
87. Everyone has a right to be ugly but you abuse the privilege.
88. I believe in respect for the dead, in fact I could only respect you if you were dead.
89. Your family tree must be a cactus, because everyone in it is a prick.
90. Why don't aliens eat clowns?

Because they taste funny.
91. Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
92. The teacher was teaching in animal lesson.Teacher: What does a pig do?Student: it rolls around in mud.Teacher: Good! What does a cow do?Student: It makes milk! Teacher: Great! Now, what does a crazy old monkey give you?Student: Homework!
93. That isn't your forehead, it's your hair trying to run away from your face!
94. Sure, I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay an admission fee.
95. What are you going to do for a face when the baboon calls and wants his ass back?
96. You're lucky to be born beautiful, unlike me, who was born to be a big liar.
97. Why is it that the people with the smallest minds always have the biggest mouths?
98. If I wanted to listen to an asshole, I'd fart.
99. A woman had 20 children. 10 girls 10 boys, all of their names were leroy. Boys spelt Leroy girls spelt Leroigh.  She met a man one day and told him how many children she had and what their names were. " why did you name all of your children Leroy/Leroigh?" The man asked. "It's easy to call them all together. For example Leroy/Leroigh time for bet time for supper." The woman laughed. The man asked "how do you call them if you only need one of the children?" The woman cackled "by their last names of course!"
100. Q: What is the difference between a Harley and a vacuum cleaner? A: The location of the dirt bag.
101. Sure, I'd love to help you out. Now, which way did you come in?
102. What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe out of that thing
103. I heard you went to have your head examined but the doctors found nothing there.
104. Q: What's the difference between Tom Cruise and a tuxedo? A: One comes out of the closet on special occasions and the other is a tuxedo.
105. Let's play horse. I'll be the front end and you be yourself.
106. You started at the bottom and it's been downhill ever since!
107. When God was throwing intelligence down to the Earth, you were holding an umbrella.
108. A man went to the All Stars game with two front row seat tickets. He sat down and then another man asked him if the other chair was taken. The man said " no, it was supposed to be for my wife." The other man said " well where is she? And he said "she died two days ago" from a stroke. The other man said "well thats unfortunate, I'm so sorry for you. But should'nt you give this seat to another family members?" And the man said, "no they're all at the funeral"
109. I'd ask how old you are, but I don't think you can count that high.
110. A student asked his teacher how old she was. She promptly said, "39 and holding." Then the student asked, "Well, then, how old would you be if you let go?"
111. After every sentence i say you say ketchup and rubber buns.what did you eat for breakfast? "ketchup & rubber buns."what did you eat for lunch? "ketchup & rubber buns."what did you eat for dinner? "ketchup & rubber buns."what do you do when you see a hot girl? "ketchup & rubber buns."YOU WHERE RUBBING MY GF'S WHAT?!?!
112. Last time I had a kiss like that, I was trying to bring my goldfish back to life.
113. A man asks a farmer near the field, "Sorry sir, would you mind if I crossed your field instead of going around it? You see, I have to catch the 4:30 PM train."The farmer says, "Sure, go right ahead. And if my bull sees you, you'll even catch the 4 PM one."
114. Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
115. I'd hate to see you go, but I'd love to watch you leave!
116. If you give him a penny for his thoughts, you get change back.
117. You should be in commercials for birth control.
118. If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents!
119. If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
120. I never forget a face, but in your case I will make an exception.
121. You have that far look in your eyes: the farther you are, the better you look.
122. He is so short, when it rains he is always the last one to know.
123. Keep talking. I always yawn when I'm interested.
124. Obama, Putin and Tony were going for a walk when a giant came up to them.He told them to bring a human killing machine from their country so as to not die from his wrath. First came Tony with a small pistol, Giant told him to put it up his ass.then came Putin with AK-47, Giant told him to do the same, Surprisingly Putin was crying and laughing at the same time. The giant asked him why he was crying he said because of the pain, then he asked why he was laughing he then said that Obama was bringing a tank
125. Anybody who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
126. How do you make your wife do anything for you?Answer: Take away her Credit Card
127. I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
128. Perhaps your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
129. You're so ugly, you have to trick-or-treat over the phone.
130. Instead of being born again, why don't you just grow up?
131. How do you get a Florida State graduate off your front porch?Pay for the pizza.
132. You're not acting like yourself today, I noticed the improvement right away.
133. You need to get a life outside of the internet. Go outside, look around. I'm sure trailer parks smell lovely in the morning.
134. The only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
135. You remind me of the ocean, you make me sick.
136. I'm blonde, what's your excuse?
137. How can I keep a major nerd in suspense for 24 hours? I'll tell you tomorrow.
138. He has one brain cell, and it is fighting for dominance.
139. You're so ugly, you had tinted windows on your incubator.
140. Nobody says that you are dumb. They just say you were 16 years old before you learned how to wave goodbye.
141. A woman looks in the mirror and says I look fat and then asks her husband to give her a compliment he says ok you have perfect eye sight.
142. I like your approach, now let's see your departure.
143. When Jack was born, his mother didn't know which end to put the diaper on.
144. I know you're a self-made man. It's nice of you to take the blame!
145. The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
146. When God was handing out brains, Jack must have been holding the door.
147. We heard that when you ran away from home, your folks sent you a note saying, "Do not come home and all will be forgiven."
148. When Jack was born, his mother was charged for littering.
149. You’re so skinny, you hula hoop with a Cheerio!
150. After meeting you, I've decided I am in favor of abortion in cases of incest.
151. He doesn't know the meaning of the word fear, but then again he doesn't know the meaning of most words.
152. They said you were a great asset. I told them they were off by two letters.
153. If you're going say something that stupid, you could at least fake a stroke.
154. Hurry up and die already so that I can piss in your grave.
155. I wonder what you are going to do for a face when the baboon wants its ass back.
156. Watching you two makes me feel like I'm watching a pair of retards with buckets on their heads, running into the wall, thinking it's each other.
157. Johnny and Dave own a meat business. they are driving down a dirt road in there meat truck and hit something big bang!!!!! what the hell was that said johnny. Dave said i have know idea. johnny said go have a look. Dave comes back and said we've hit a cow. johnny said is it any good. Dave said its head is   crushed. johnny said well cut its  head off skin it gut it and put it in the back with the rest. so they drive down the road and hit a sheep johnny said is it any good Dave said yes johnny said skin it gut it chuck it in the back with the rest. they drove down the road a little bit more bang!!!!! what the f*ck was that said johnny i don't know. go have a look said johnny. Dave came back and said we've hit a pig johnny said is it any good  yeah skin it gut it chuck it in the back with the rest. dave comes back and says what do you want me to do with his motorbike
158. You're proof that every good gene pool has a shallow end.
159. If clues were shoes, you'd go barefoot.
160. I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it.
161. Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
162. Whatever anyone says to you goes in one ear and out the other, because nothing is blocking traffic.
163. I am truly sickened by the fact that due to some grand joke on someone else's part, I am forced to have to share oxygen with you.
164. I know you're not as stupid as you look. Nobody could be!
165. I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
166. If brains were gasoline, you'd have enough to get a piss ant's go-kart half way around a Cheerio.
167. If brains were gasoline, you'd have enough to get a piss ant's go-kart half way around a Cheerio.
168. Your house is so small you have to eat a large pizza outside.
169. Is that your nose or are you eating a banana?
170. Yo momma is so old God was her first boyfriend.
171. I hear you were born on April 2, a day too late!
172. I don't think you are a fool. But then what's my opinion against thousands of others?
173. Someone said you are not fit to sleep with pigs. I stuck up for the pigs.
174. I don't want you to turn the other cheek. It's just as ugly.
175. When you were a child, your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you, but the Mafia wanted too much.
176. They say that two heads are better than one. In your case, one would have been better than none.
177. He is dark and handsome. When it's dark, he's handsome.
178. You're so dumb, when you were born, your mom should have been arrested for smuggling dope.
179. I'd like to leave you with one thought, but I'm not sure you have a place to put it!
180. You are as strong as an ox and almost as intelligent.
181. What you just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I've ever heard. At no point were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it.
182. I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
183. I used to think that you were a big pain in the neck. Now I have a much lower opinion of you.
184. You might be a redneck if you're related to everyone in your town.
185. I can't talk to you right now, tell me, where will you be in 10 years?
186. You have a lot of well-wishers. They would all like to throw you down one.
187. Last time I saw a belly like that, I was given a stocking full of presents.
188. Who is Dracula most likely to fall in love with?The girl necks door!
189. I'm already visualizing the duct tape over your mouth.
190. Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
191. He is depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.
192. Never trust a bald man. If his head looks like your ass, you know he's full of sh*t.
193. Do you want me to accept you as who you are, or do you want me to like you?
194. At first I thought you had the IQ of an ice scraper, but then it occured to me that an ice scraper has two things you don't, direction and purpose.
195. You're so dumb, you think babies can be found in the infantry.
196. You have a face made for radio.
197. You should have been born in the Dark Ages, you look terrible in the light.
198. Act your age, not your shoe size.
199. What is the best contraceptive for old people? Nudity.
200. I know what sign you were born under, "Red Light District!"
201. You are such a smart ass I bet you could sit on a carton of ice cream and tell what flavor it is.
202. Boy: you're really prettyGirl:thanksBoy:I wish there was something between usGirl:I do tooBoy:really?! Like what?Girl: a wall!
203. Hey, I remember you when you had only one stomach.
204. The overwhelming power of the sex drive was demonstrated by the fact that someone was willing to father you.
205. I wish I had a hearing aid so I could turn you off.
206. You must have a low opinion of people if you think they're your equals.
207. If we took the collective stupidity of every low-life imbecile known since the evolution of man, it might be close to the complete lack of brain function you possess.
208. I hear you were born on a farm. Any more in the litter?
209. I heard that your brother was an only child.
210. With your last statement and current appearance, you have just answered the question, "Did the white man ever f*ck the buffalo?"
211. I know you are nobody's fool but maybe someone will adopt you.
212. You must have gotten up on the wrong side of the cage this morning.
213. You're not yourself today. I noticed the improvement immediately.
214. When they were handing out brains, you thought they said trains and asked for a slow one.
215. You are a pathetic scumbag. Your parents were scum and you're doing a most glorious job of following the tradition.
216. I was about to engage in some serious debate about what you just stated, but then I remembered that I dont give a damn.
217. I'd slap you senseless, but I can't spare three seconds!
218. Don't let your mind wander; it's too little to be let out alone.
219. A family of four were having a dinner, everybody were bored, so the dad says" lets play a game," what is something you lick but get really tempted to just eat," the the girl says "a lollipop" the dad says "correct!"  now what do you put in your mouth but don't swallow and the boy is like "DEEZ NUTS"
220. A half-wit gave you a piece of his mind, and you held on to it.
221. All that you are you owe to your parents. Why don't you send them a penny and square the account?
222. I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on television.
223. When you were born, God admitted that even He could make a mistake!
224. He has an IQ of room temperature.
225. If brains were rain, you'd be a desert.
226. I can't seem to remember your name, and please don't help me!
227. Are you aware that you're a pathetic freak? Or are you just completely oblivious to reality.
228. Two hookers where standing and one left and then came back later. One said I can smell the dick in the air and the other one said excuse me I burped
229. His men would follow him anywhere, but only out of morbid curiosity.
230. If truth is stranger than fiction, you must be truth!
231. A year ago someone who said, "I'm the mayor of Kentucky Fried Chicken," was an insane old homeless man. Now, he's a hipster teen with an iPhone.
232. You've never been outspoken, no one has ever been able to.
233. Your house is so small, if you dropped a washcloth, it would look like wall to wall carpeting.
234. A rejection letter from MENSA wouldn't be too much of a surprise for you now, would it?
235. I want you to know that it is perfectly all right to have an unexpressed thought. In your case I even recommend it.
236. He has a mind like a steel trap, always closed!
237. He is always lost in thought, it's unfamiliar territory.
238. He is so short, his hair smells like feet.
239. I've had many cases of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I feel for you is the real thing.
240. Slit your wrists, it will lower your blood pressure.
241. Someone took a photo of you once but it didn't turn out. You could be seen too clearly.
242. You're pathetic. Don't believe me? Ask your wife, she might tell you since she probably tells her friends what a dipsh*t you are.
243. I can tell that your charisma bypass was successful.
244. I've had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
245. You know you are getting old when the smile beside your bedside isn't that same smile. It's your teeth in a jam jar
246. It's hard to get the big picture when you have such a small screen.
247. The only thing he brought to this job was his car.
248. You're like one of those "idiot savants," except without the "savant" part.
249. Your sister's teeth are so crooked, Amtrack had to install her braces.
250. He has occassional flashes of silence, which makes his conversation perfectly delightful.
251. When you and your momma had an argument, it was a battle of the wits. Nit versus Dim. Then your dad joined, and it was Nit versus Dim verses Half.
252. For two cents I'd give you a piece of my mind, and all of yours.
253. He comes from a long line of real estate people...they're a vacant lot.
254. If sex were fast food, you'd have an arch over your head.
255. We know that you would give your life for us. Promises, promises!
